Amazon is undergoing moderate hiring growth in its Data department with 11 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Amazon is undergoing large-scale expansion in its Engineering department with 22 active roles. The hiring pattern shows some urgent hiring signals, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Flipkart is undergoing limited hiring activity in its Engineering department with 1 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Google is undergoing limited hiring activity in its Data department with 1 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Google is undergoing limited hiring activity in its Engineering department with 4 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Microsoft is undergoing limited hiring activity in its Engineering department with 3 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Swiggy is undergoing limited hiring activity in its Data department with 2 active roles. The hiring pattern shows some urgent hiring signals, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

Swiggy is undergoing moderate hiring growth in its Engineering department with 6 active roles. The hiring pattern shows high urgency hiring, while overall signals indicate stable growth trend. Across the market, DOCKER remains the most in-demand skill with 28 mentions.

